Alright,
so at this point I'll just poke out a couple bits to show
you some features of these platforms.
So,
I'll go into the todomvc repository and just write some changes that
I'm going to immediately throw away just to demonstrate some of the
features that you can bring to bear.
So for Browserify,
I mentioned there's a lot of different transforms that you can use.
And in fact, if you Google Browserify transforms,
even if you misspell it, you're probably going to get it,
you'll see this list of at least a few popular transformations.
So we'll just kind of pick one out.
I thought I was going to do --- there's a markdown one,
which is kind of neat,
which allows you to essentially require a markdown file as a
string in your JavaScript application.
So,
just temporarily I'm going to install this without saving
it because I'm not including the --save.
I'm going to install the module locally,
but it's not going to be added to my package.
json, so none of you will get it if you were to clone the repository right away.
And this is going to add a new transformation capability to our Browserify code.
And you'll notice that the configuration isn't terribly well documented here,
but if I go into, as James pointed out, my Gruntfile,
I can see --- these are my Browserify options where
I can pass in different bits,
like whether or not I want to generate a source map,
and then I specify a src file or multiple src files
and a dest file for my bundle.
This is kind of the core arguments you would pass in if you are
executing Browserify like from the command line.
But where the transformations are declared is here in the package.
json.
So here in the transform section I specify browserify-shim as one of them,
I also specify babelify,
and now I'm also going to drop in browserify-markdown as one of the transforms.
So, if I fire up my --- What does browserify-markdown do?
It allows you in your JavaScript code to require a markdown file and have
that available in your JavaScript code as a string.
Not terribly useful, not all the time,
but just to kind of show you a feature that you can add to your transformation,
I figured we would take a look at this one.
So now I have this transformation added to my configuration.
In my browser code, let's go into app.
js say,
and the feature that this transformation allows me to do is
rather then just requiring JavaScript files,
I can require markdown files, which will be converted to a string.
It'll actually also be parsed into HTML if memory serves.
So,
just for demonstration purposes I'm going to require the readme for the project,
and that's going to be up one directory.
See if I can get the resolve right.
So in src, I think it's one more, and then README.
md.
And when the application initializes, I'm just going to go ahead and console.
log the contents of the readme file.
So I'll start up my server, todomvc app.
jsmust be object.
Let's see, what did I mess up?
Js/app.
js must be object.
(Working) Okie-dokie,
so my markdown transform doesn't seem to be working
because it's blowing up on this line.
It could be that I didn't do this correctly.
So up one directory would be browser, and then up another directory would be src,
and then up.
Yeah, no, that is the proper path.
Well this is less impressive than I had hoped.
(Working) Alright, I'll keep trucking for now,
but the way that typically you would do this,
like running it through Grunt you don't get the full output of Browserify,
so you could run the Browserify command line utility to get a more
detailed stack trace of why this isn't going,
but I won't waste your time with that right now.
So, I'll go ahead and take this out.
But the idea there is that these additional transforms essentially give
your code new capabilities that it didn't have before.
So I'll get that running hopefully while you guys are at the break
or while you guys are working on the exercises, figure out what went wrong there.